Hey everyone welcome to R Programming.
This is the second course in the Data
Science Specialization and, as
the title suggests, we will be focusing on
R as a programming language.
So in this course, we'll kind of start
with the basic
building blocks of R kind of different
data types in the
very, kind of low level details and then
we'll kind of
move on to writing and formulating our
programs or our scripts.
This involves things like control
structures and writing r
functions and kind of doing some basic
operations on data.
And then, and then we'll talk about kind
of profiling your code, some of the
tools for debugging and kind of how to
work,
how to work through longer pieces of code.
And then so after this course is done, I
think you'll
have a pretty solid grasp of R as a
programming language.
We're not going to cover every last
feature of the R packages because of
their and some of the other courses in the
specialization you'll learn more about,
for example, how to use the graphics
system, how to make plots, how
to use some of the packages for
things like statistical inference and
machine learning.
And so that will be covered in other
classes.
So, the pur, purpose of this class is to
really kind of
get you into R programming, in
particularly or if you're not very
familiar
with the language and to make sure you
kind of kind of get a
hand, get a sense of the on the of the
nuts and bolts.
So I hope you enjoy it.
And I think after this course is done
you'll be ready to move
on to a bunch of, to mo, to the other
courses in the specialization.